Add a docs page in the user guide about adding trials (#1002)
catalystneuro/neuroconv: docs/user_guide/datainterfaces.rst

can convert large datasets without overloading the computer's available RAM.
It also uses good defaults for data chunking and lossless compression, reducing
the file size of the output NWB file and optimizing the file for cloud compute.

> 4b. Create an in-memory NWB file

Reviewer: Nice!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
If you want to create an in-memory NWB file, you can use the ``.create_nwbfile`` method.

.. code-block:: python

    nwbfile = spikeglx_interface.create_nwbfile(metadata=metadata)

> This is useful for add data such as trials, epochs, or other time intervals to the NWB file. See

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is useful for adding extra data such as trials, epochs, or other time intervals to the NWB file. See
```

:ref:`Adding Time Intervals to NWB Files <adding_trials>` for more information.

This does not load large datasets into memory. Those remain in the source files and are read piece-by-piece during the
write process. Once you make all the modifications you want to the NWBfile, you can save it to disk. The following code
automatically optimizes datasets for cloud compute and writes the file to disk.

.. code-block:: python

    from neuroconv.tools.nwb_helpers import configure_and_write_nwbfile

>     configure_and_write_nwbfile(nwbfile, save_path="path/to/destination.nwb", backend="hdf5")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    configure_and_write_nwbfile(
        nwbfile, save_path="path/to/destination.nwb", backend="hdf5"
    )
```

Same as above
